Adding workflow templates for Java (#1)
OpenGov/.github: README.md

# .github

> This repository will have the starter workflows for using github actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has the starter workflows for using GitHub Actions.
```

Starter workflows allow everyone in your organization who has permission to create workflows to do so more quickly and easily. When you create a new workflow, you can choose a starter workflow and some or all of the work of writing the workflow will be done for you. You can use starter workflows as a starting place to build your custom workflow or use them as-is. This not only saves time, it promotes consistency and best practice across your organization.

> The starter workflows contains the CI workflows for Node and Java for doing below actions

Reviewer 2: We will need to make sure for the java project that we identify the necessary requirements for gradle and Jib. We should add the snippets here for that. Specifically from the gradle.build file.

Reviewer: Does `.github-private` support hosting these workflows? I'm not convinced they offer much open-source value. You can reach out to our account manager at GH to ask about their roadmap.

Reviewer 3: I don't believe workflow templates are intended to include the actual project setup files. They are intended to be used with an existing project that needs to have GHA workflows added to it.

If we want to provide the complete project for developers to adopt, we need to setup the EngOps sample repos to be usable as templates and provide some method of creating them via Terraform, or at least some directions on how to force push the template repo over a new repo's code for initial setup.

Author: @jspiro this is the repo for only having starter workflows. Engops service templates repositories will be having the project structure and workflows together. I will check on .github -private, thanks.

Reviewer 2: Keep it private for now. We can not block this effort... we can revisit alternative and viability for making this public later.

1. Build

> 2. Image Build and push to registry (Dockerhub)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Image Build and Push to Registry (DockerHub)
```

3. Code Coverage
4. Security Scans
5. Integration tests

Starter workflows can be created by users with write access to the organization's .github repository. These can then be used by organization members who have permission to create workflows.
Starter workflows created by users can only be used to create workflows in public repositories. Organizations using GitHub Enterprise Cloud can also use starter workflows to create workflows in private repositories.

> To use the starter workflows, for the organization , follow below steps :

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use the starter workflows, follow the below steps :
```

> 1. Go to actions and click on new workflow

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Go to "Actions" and click on "New Workflow"
```

2. Select workflow by Opengov

> 3. choose appropriate starter workflow from the list

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Choose the appropriate starter workflow from the list
```

> 4. commit and your workflow will be created.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Commit and your workflow will be created.
```

> To run the workflows from this repository, organisation or repo should have below secrets defined.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To run the workflows from this repository, organization or repo should have below secrets defined.
```

> DOCKER_HUB_ACCESS_TOKEN - Docker api token for login

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
DOCKER_HUB_ACCESS_TOKEN - Docker API token for login
```

DOCKER_HUB_USER - Docker username
GIT_TOKEN - Git access token
REPO_OWNER - Git repo owner username
SONAR_API_TOKEN - Token to login to Sonar
SONAR_URL - SonarQube Url
LACEWORK_INLINE_SCANNER_ACCOUNT_NAME - Lacework account name
LACEWORK_INLINE_SCANNER_ACCESS_TOKEN - Lacework account token

> DOCKER_HUB_ORG - name of organisation in Dockerhub

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
DOCKER_HUB_ORG - Name of organization in DockerHub
```
